- THIS IS
AN AMAZING STORY.
OUR NEXT GUEST IS A MAILMAN
WHO BECAME A HERO
WHEN HE SAVED THE LIFE
OF A ONE-YEAR-OLD BABY
ON HIS DELIVERY ROUTE.
FROM GREENVILLE,
SOUTH CAROLINA,
PLEASE WELCOME STEPHANIE
AND HER SON ELI
AND THE MAILMAN
WHO CAME TO THE RESCUE, CHRIS.
STEPHANIE, TELL EVERYBODY
WHAT HAPPENED.
- WELL, IT WAS
A FRIDAY AFTERNOON,
AND ELI HAD BEEN SICK
THAT DAY.
AND HE WAS JUST SNACKING
ON SOME PUFFS
AND SOMEHOW GOT THE WRAPPING
OFF OF THE CONTAINER,
AND SO I HAD JUST TURNED MY BACK
FOR A SECOND,
AND HE HAD TORN OFF A PIECE
WITH HIS TEETH.
- OF THE PLASTIC.
- SO MY IMMEDIATE--WAS,
I TRIED TO STICK MY FINGER
IN THERE
AND SWOOP IT OUT,
BUT I WAS VERY CAUTIOUS,
BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT
TO PUSH IT BACK TOO FAR.
AND SO HE SWALLOWED IT
AND STARTED CHOKING.
AND SO I JUST
TURNED HIM AROUND
AND STARTED BEATING HIM
ON THE BACK
BETWEEN HIS SHOULDER BLADES,
BUT IT WASN'T COMING OUT,
AND SO THAT'S KIND
OF WHEN I STARTED TO PANIC.
- YEAH, I CAN'T IMAGINE
A SCARIER THING.
YOU'RE BY YOURSELF
WITH YOUR BABY,
AND YOUR BABY'S CHOKING.
- YEAH.
- AND IT DOESN'T MATTER
HOW LONG.
IF IT WAS 30 SECONDS
OR 10 SECONDS OR--
IT JUST MUST FEEL
LIKE AN ETERNITY.
- YEAH, IT DID.
IT DID.
- SO THEN YOU THOUGHT
YOUR HUSBAND WAS COMING HOME.
- YEAH, SO I--WHENEVER
I WAS PATTING HIM ON THE BACK,
I THOUGHT I HAD HEARD
MY HUSBAND PULL UP,
SO I WAS RUNNING
TOWARDS THE DOOR.
AND THIS PROBABLY HAD ONLY BEEN
MAYBE TEN SECONDS AT MOST.
AND SO I RAN OUT THE DOOR,
SCREAMING FOR HELP,
AND IT WAS OUR MAILMAN,
WHO I HAD NEVER MET BEFORE.
- YOU'VE NEVER MET HIM BEFORE.
- NO.
- [chuckles]
- COMING TOWARDS MY DOOR.
SO I WAS JUST SCREAMING
FOR HELP,
AND THERE HE WAS.
- SO, CHRIS,
YOU SEE A WOMAN RUNNING OUT,
SCREAMING
AND HOLDING A BABY.
- RIGHT.
- AND I THINK SHE JUST PUT HIM
IN YOUR ARMS.
OR WHAT HAPPENED?
- WELL, THE FIRST IMPRESSION
I GOT
WHEN I FIRST SEEN HER
RUNNING OUT,
I THOUGHT TO RUN,
BECAUSE I DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT WAS HAPPENING,
IF SOMEONE
WAS BEHIND HER, SO...
BUT THEN REALLY SERIOUSLY,
WHEN SHE SCREAMED AND SHE SAID,
"MY BABY'S NOT BREATHING.
THE BABY'S CHOKING,"
I WAS LIKE--
I JUST SAID, "WHAT?"
AND SHE SAID,
"HE'S NOT BREATHING.
HE'S CHOKING.
HELP ME."
AND SO NEXT THING I KNOW,
HE WAS KIND OF IN MY ARMS,
AND I TOOK MY TWO FINGERS,
'CAUSE I KNEW
HE WAS KIND OF SMALL.
SO I STARTED GIVING HIM
THE COMPRESSIONS,
AND THE FIRST FIVE
THAT I DID,
IT--I DIDN'T FEEL
ANYTHING.
AND I KNEW BABIES BREATHE
THROUGH THEIR DIAPHRAGM A LOT,
AND IT WAS JUST NOTHING.
SO I SAID,
"I GOT TO DO IT AGAIN."
I DID IT AGAIN,
AND THAT FIFTH PUMP,
IT JUST--
EVERYTHING JUST CAME OUT.
AND THEN HIS EYES
GOT KIND OF BIG,
AND HE LOOKED AT ME.
I GUESS HE SAID,
"HEY, YOU'RE NOT MY MOMMY."
[laughter]
HE JUST STARTED WAILING,
AND I WAS LIKE--
IT SOUNDED LIKE MUSIC
TO MY EARS,
LIKE MARVIN GAYE
OR SOMETHING.
[applause]
- WHAT A BLESSING
THAT WAS.
THE TIMING OF THAT,
THAT YOU--
I MEAN, HOW LONG
HAD YOU BEEN ON YOUR SHIFT
AT THAT POINT?
- WHAT HAPPENED WAS,
EARLIER,
ABOUT 30 MINUTES EARLIER,
I RECEIVED HELP
FROM ANOTHER CARRIER
NAMED ANGEL,
AND SHE CAME
AND TOOK SOME OF MY MAIL,
AND THAT DELAYED ME
ABOUT THREE OR FOUR MINUTES.
AND IT JUST HAPPENED.
THAT TIMING WAS JUST--
GOD JUST SET IT UP.
- IT CERTAINLY WAS.
IT ABSOLUTELY WAS.
THAT WAS JUST
A BEAUTIFUL MOMENT.
BECAUSE YOU DO HAVE
TO BE CAREFUL.
BECAUSE THEY'RE SO TINY,
YOU CAN'T COMPRESS TOO HARD,
OR ELSE YOU'RE GONNA
BREAK A RIB.
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
YOU HAD TRAINING IN THIS?
- WOW, WELL, I FIRST LEARNED
IN THE MILITARY,
WHICH WAS MAYBE 25 YEARS AGO,
IN THE MARINE CORPS.
AND LIKE I SAID,
IT WASN'T ME.
I BELIEVE IT WAS A HIGHER FORCE
THAT JUST GUIDED ME,
AND THE ANCESTORS
JUST MADE ME BE CALM,
'CAUSE I WAS VERY CALM.
AND AFTER HE STARTED BREATHING
AND HE STARTED CRYING,
I SAID, "MOM, HE'S OKAY.
HE'S OKAY.
HE'S BREATHING,"
AND SHE WAS JUST LIKE,
YOU KNOW,
REALLY JUST HUGGING HIM,
AND, "THANK YOU SO MUCH,"
AND SO--
- YEAH, YOU MUST'VE SAT
ON THE FLOOR AND CRIED
FOR A LONG TIME
AFTER HE LEFT.
- I DID.
- WELL, IT WAS DIVINE
INTERVENTION FOR SURE.
THAT WAS
A BEAUTIFUL THING.
DON'T EVER LET ANOTHER
MAIL CARRIER BE ON YOUR ROUTE...
- NO, NEVER.
- BECAUSE THIS IS THE GUY
THAT YOU WANT.
WE GOT YOU A GIFT,
STEPHANIE.
PEOPLE SHOULD KNOW--
- YES!
[laughs]
[applause]
- THAT'S YOUR NEW MAILBOX.
- THAT IS AWESOME.
- ALL RIGHT?
- LOOK, ELI.
[laughs]
- THAT'S YOUR NEW MAILBOX.
SO CHRIS IS
A GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE.
OF COURSE WE WERE DYING
TO HELP YOU IN ANY WAY.
WE WANTED--WE WANT
TO SHOWER YOU WITH GIFTS,
BUT YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO RECEIVE A GIFT OVER $20,
WHICH IS CRAZY.
IT SEEMS SO UNFAIR.
BUT OUR TICKETS HERE
ARE FREE,
AND IN DECEMBER,
WE HAVE REALLY FUN SHOWS,
AND SO WE THOUGHT
MAYBE WE'D BRING YOU BACK
TO ONE OF THOSE SHOWS
IN DECEMBER,
WHERE IT'S THE 12 DAYS
OF GIVEAWAYS.
- THAT'D BE GREAT.
[cheers and applause]
- ALL RIGHT.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD COME BACK
WITH HIM TOO.
- OH, WELL, YEAH, SURE.
- SO, YEAH,
Y'ALL SHOULD COME BACK,
SO WE'LL SEE Y'ALL BACK HERE
FOR 12 DAYS OF GIVEAWAYS
IN DECEMBER.
THANKS SO MUCH.
- YES.
- THANKS FOR SHARING
YOUR STORY.